1. What standard is used for all aspects of web service development in this module, from
   describing interfaces to publishing and discovering services?
   options: [SOAP, UDDI, WSDL, XML]
   ans: SOAP

2. What are the two major styles of SOAP requests?
  options: [document, request-response, envelope, RPC]
  ans: document, RPC

3. Which of these message patterns are typical of asynchronous messaging? 
   Choose two correct answers.
   options: [notification, one-way, request-response, solicit-response]
   ans: options 1 and 2

4. Your web browser has an add-on that is alerted when your favourite blog has a new post. 
   Which messaging pattern is this?
   options: [notification, solicit-response, request-response, one-way]
   ans: notification

5. An important part of a WSDL (Web Service Description Language) file is a section that describes how services are invoked. 
   For example, this section includes the style of interaction (document or RPC), the transport protocol, 
   and how messages are turned into XML. 
   What is this section?
   options:[bindings, types, services, interfaces]
   ans: services

6. Consider the two statements. Choose the one correct option.
    1. SOAP messages can only be sent over HTTP
    2. Every SOAP message needs a header
    ans: Only Statement 2 is correct.

7. Consider the two statements. Choose the one correct option
   1. WSDL can be used to describe non-XML based web services
   2. A WSDL document can import other WSDL documents to gain access to their specifications
   ans: Only Statement 2 is correct.

8. UDDI covers two aspects of web service development. Which ones? 
   Choose the two correct answers.
   options: [publishing, composition, discovery, security]
   ans: composition, discovery

9. The green pages of UDDI contain which data structures? 
   Choose the two correct answers.
   options: [businessEntity, bindingTemplate, tModel, businessService]
   ans: bindingTemplate, tModel

10. Consider the following two statements. Choose the one correct option
    1. Binding to a service is usually a run-time activity
    2. UDDI uses web services for publishing and discovering
    ans: Both Statements are correct

11. WS-BPEL covers what aspect of web services?
    options:[ composition, encryption, publishing, security]
    ans: encryption

12. Which part of a WSDL 2.0 description gives concrete information about the ports to be used for the service?
    options:[ portTypes, interfaces, bindings, services]
    ans: services
   
