1. You are probably using the internet to do some of your personal banking. There is a page
   that shows your accounts and their balances, often called something like "Account
   Summary" or "Account Overview." You must click on an account to begin managing it. 
   Which type of web page is this?
   Options: [Dynamic Web Page, Static Web Page, Static Web Page, Web Service, Web app]
Ans: Dynamic Web Page

2. Another web page allows interacting with a spreadsheet in a browser. You can enter in
   values, sum them up, perform operations on them, format them, etc. What type of web
   page is this?
   Options: [Web Service, Static Web Page, Dynamic Web Page, Web App]
Ans: Web App

3. Consider the two statements. Choose the one correct option.
   1. JSON is a markup language
   2. JSON can easily be converted into a Javascript object
   options: [Only 1, Only 2, Both, None]
Ans: Only 2

4. Which of these is NOT a basic standard of the World Wide Web?
   options:[FTP, HTTP, URL, TCP]
Ans: URL

5. There is an HTTP method that allows you to send, create or update a resource, but allows 
   the server to decide its location and identity. Which HTTP method is this?
   options:[POST,SEND,GET,PUT]
Ans: PUT

6. Which of these is often used to add dynamic content to a web page?
   options:[JavaScript, CSS, HTML, HTML DOM]
Ans: Java Script

7. What are the three high-level components involved in a remote procedural call?
   Ans: Client, Server, Interface Definition Language

8. The process of establishing a connection between the client stub and server stub is called…
   options: [interfacing, handshaking, binding, marshalling]
   Ans: binding

9. What are the advantages of Common Object Request Broker Architecture (CORBA)? 
   Choose the two correct answers.
   options:[Method Calls can be treated locally or remotely, 
            Objects are essentially independent of their physical or virtual location,
            Dynamic Binding is simple,
            It allows for OOP paradigms in distributed computing]
   Ans: option 2 and option 4

10. Which of these are desirable characteristics of a web service? Select the three correct answers.
    options:[platform-independent, modular, simple, composable]
    Ans: Options 1,2,4

11. Which of these responsibilities does the client stub have in a middleware-based 
    architecture that uses RPC? Choose the three correct answers.
    options:[Formatting and encoding data into standardized messages,
             Invoking the remote procedure call over the network,
             Invoking the server application directly,
             Establishing a connection with the server]
    Ans: Options 1,2,4

12. What is the main difference between a web service and a web application?
    options:[
            Web applications dynamically generate content,
            Web applications are presented through a browser, 
            Web services are simpler,
            Web services are mostly meant for business applications,
           ] 
    Ans: Option 2
